well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're going to talk
about tariffs driving scooby-doo and
what they can teach us about climate
change the tariffs are starting to hit
the effects are starting to be felt
Costco Walmart Dollar General Family
Dollar Dollar Tree they all said they're
going to have to raise prices and people
all over the country are going what the
experts in the field all said this is
what we're going to happen and how it
was going to play out but a lot of
Americans chose to allow their their
chosen politician to interpret the facts
for them and those politicians they
don't care they made little jokes we can
out the world was supposed to end in
1990 no that's not what it said it said
that we would pass the point of no
return across that threshold in 1990 if
we didn't make changes and we did make
changes so now that thresholds been
moved back it's a lot like driving a car
when the car in front of you passes that
light pole you want to be able to count
1001 1002 before you pass that light
pole gives you time to stop because cars
don't stop on a dime
neither does climate change the new
predictions say that by 2050 we will
cross that point of no return and that
is when we will start to see the
beginning of the collapse of society the
report referred to it as an existential
national security threat and that's what
the media is kind of going on that's the
terminology there he using I like a
different quote in that report it
threatens the premise premature
extinction of Earth originating
intelligent life premature extinction of
Earth originating intelligent life
those are the stakes the higher-end
models put us quote on a path to the end
of human civilization it's important
stuff just two degrees two degrees
warmer a billion people get displaced
it's hard to imagine a billion people
it's hard to imagine a billion it's a
huge number if you wanted to count a
million seconds it would take about 12
days if you wanted to count a billion
seconds well it would take till about
2050 31.7 years we're talking about a
border crisis now Ref you worried about
refugees now wait until there's a
billion of them it's a serious thing and
these are the experts in the field hope
you trust them this time what we know is
that this is the younger generation so
this is their fight they're going to
have to know more about this than we do
certainly more about it than I do I mean
I can read the reports I can understand
what they're saying but I don't know all
the nuances and they're going to be told
what they can do to fight climate change
and they can be told to plant a tree
yeah that'll help plant a tree make sure
it's a fruit tree it'll help recycle
it'll help that's not going to solve the
problem
these small measures will that bought us
a little time the report recommends a
World War two style mobilization
basically it recommends the new Green
Deal really I mean that's what it's
talking about that's what it's saying is
going to solve the problem
you're really gonna have to get involved
because it's multinational corporations
and it's your government those are the
biggest polluters not you not you as an
individual so you've got to vote with
your dollar and you've got to rein in
your government and at the end of the
day the youth those meddling kids when
they finally get that villain and they
pull the mask off oh just like
scooby-doo they're gonna find out it's
some old dude trying to make some money
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night